Fame

Fame (or infamy) is the tangible representation of the band's recognition and celebrity status.  Fame is a magnitude - it does not necessarily represent popularity.  A terrible band responsible for the deaths of millions could have equal Fame as a just band responsible for Charitable functions in support of kitten adoptions.  

Fame Levels
Pariah: Negative fame.  Requires an act of redemption before any fame can be pursued.  The GM can decide what mission is required to redeem a Pariah act.

Unknown: 0.  Difficult to get gigs.  Unrecognized.  The only crew/support you have is what you can pay for out of pocket.

Barely known: 1-20.  A few locals recognize you.  Possible to book small gigs in local venues.  fame level * 10% chance of being recognize in the locale where you derived your fame.  +1 bonus to concert checks in that locale, as locals tend to be more forgiving.  A few local groupies might provide some assistance, but their help is inconsistent at best.

Regionally known: 21-50.  You are on your way.  Gigs suddenly are easier to obtain.  Pay rates are dramatically increased.  Agents, producers, and groupies are available.  The +1 bonus to concert checks becomes applicable to anywhere in your region.

Major Star: 50-100.  You are truly famous.  Anywhere in the knowable lands, you have a Fame% chance of being recognized.  People speak of your deeds(misdeeds) on a daily basis.  Even small activities are the subject of gossip.  Seemingly trivial public actions like minor purchases may become the subject of scrutiny.  The greatest venues in the land open their doors to you and among the best crew in the business will do business with you.  

Legendary: 100+.  Everyone has heard of you - you are a cultural icon.  Even creatures from decidedly different cultures/races have an understanding of who you are.  Venues beg for you to perform and will often bribe bands for consideration.  The best talent in the business is at your disposal.  Upcoming acts will literally kill for the opportunity to be affiliated with you.  Opens the opportunity for Epic Concerts, which can have far-reaching political effects beyond music.  Legendary bands always get a +1 bonus to all die rolls, no matter where they are or whether or not they are in concert.

Starting Fame
For entry level bands, it is recommended that Fame start at 1 point.  

Gaining/Losing Fame
Fame can be gained through a variety of means, subject to the GM's desires.

Concerts: Successful (or particularly unsuccessful) concerts can contribute to gains in fame based on the size of the venue and the degree of success (or epicness of failures).  In general, no concert will cause a change greater than 10% of the maximum fame for that fame level (or 1 for unknown bands).  Legendary bands gain fame at the rate that the GM believes is warranted, given their already incredible level of fame.

Stunts: Successful publicity stunts outside of concerts that gain media attention may contribute fame at the GM's discretion.  Award amounts should consider the synergy with the band's persona, the level of attention, and any other factor that the GM sees fit.

Bad publicity: Performing acts in public that are against the band's persona can hurt fame by being perceived as "lame" by the public.  In general, bad publicity will not rob a band of more than 20% fame per event, but recurring bad publicity can add up quickly if nothing is done to address it.

Burning Fame: The band can burn 10 points of fame in order to add 1d10 to a di roll, even after the roll has been made.  The loss is instantaneous.  The band burn as much fame as they want in this manner.  
